Add Missing changelog entries for #6462 and #6449 (#6487)
microsoft/CCF: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

- SGX Platform support.
- `BackupSignature` and related code as obsolete (#6462).

### Added

- Added COSE signatures over the Merkle root to the KV (#6449).

>   - Signing is done with service key (different from raw signatures, which are stil signed by the node key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Signing is done with service key (different from raw signatures, which remain unchanged and are still signed by the node key).
```
